			Explanations
1. For every additional element, why are adding it:
Adding a new server coupled with the load balancer will help to handle
high traffic. It will also eliminate SPOF of having only one web server.

2. What distribution algorithm your load balancer is configured with and how it
works:
My load balancer uses Weighted Scheduling Algorithm.
Work is assigned to the server according to the weight assigned to the server.
For different types of the server in the group different weights
are assigned thus the load gets distributed.

3. Is your load-balancer enabling an Active-Active or Active-Passive setup, explain
the difference between both:
My load balancer enables an Active-Active setup where both nodes (servers)
are actively running the same kind of service simultaneously. 
While in an Active-Passive setup, not all nodes are going to be active. 
In the case of two nodes, if the first node is already active, 
the second node must be passive or on standby.
The key difference between these two architectures is performance. 
Active-active clusters give you access to the resources of all your servers 
during normal operation.
In an active-passive cluster, the backup server only sees action during failover.

5. What is the difference between the Primary node and the Replica node in regard
to the application:
A replica node is a copy of the primary node, they provide redundant
copies of the application codebase to protect against hardware failure
and increase capacity to serve read requests like searching or
retrieving a document.

			Issues
1. SPOF (Single Point Of Failure):
The single point of failure in this infrastructure is having only one
load balancer.

2. Security issues (no firewall, no HTTPS):
The HTTP protocol is not secure and can be intercepted, exposing sensitive
information to attackers. The lack of a firewall allows an attacker to do
a denial of servie attack (DOS) which may lead to system downtime or even
allow the attacker to infiltrate the system.

3. No monitoring:
Monitoring the server, website, or application in general,
would allow the owner to identify any problems, downtime, or
security threats and resolve them quickly before they turn into a 
serious problem. 
It will also improve productivity and possibly save some costs on IT support.


https://drive.google.com/file/d/1c4rgAz9pEPvQsIIR5zRMervQzM41DJXM/view?usp=share_link
